into its keys and i'm here to show you
guys my hair and it looks freaking
gorgeous like i'm so happy i love it
number when I said that I'm last time I
watched it like really oily and just
heavy well i just rewatched again and i
actually did a tariff clarifying watch
and what I did was I actually just got
water in baking soda and I put it in I'm
just a writer water bottle and I shook
it up is better feel like a water bottle
a beer bottle with those nozzles you
know I see them people used to like
apply colors that that's better to use
but when you do just get water and some
baking soda shake it up and just apply
to your hair and um you should leave it
on for like you apprised your hair wet
so like what I did was I gotta shower
and I actually use my regular my
gardener for two I'm Guarnere it's
fruity shampoo and I wash my hair this
point I'm with the gun different fees
with the gist of shampoo and then I got
my mix of the water numba can slow or
whatever and I put it on my hair I
scrubbed it in and I let it sit for
other selves I you know washed up
whatever I was in the shower and I let
it sit and then um by I guess I was like
five minutes five minutes or so i rinsed
it out and another and i wash my hair
again with another time i read a shampoo
and then I did the same thing over and I
did that twice and I left it in the
second time for 15 minutes or you're
like 10 minutes that's a long shower and
my hair is I really soft and it's just
it's like freaking brand-new and I
and it's a straight party game yeah like
that really I guess if I can sort all
the oil um I guess and now my hair is
hope my hair isn't have anymore it's
like it's nice like
i I'm so happy um go back to the friend
tyra banks said this Mexican and still
eat let's pretty or something like that
she said I wanna hurt episodes but yeah
so that's that and there's some good I
just right now so I got done by iron and
pressing up my my leave out forever and
yeah and not even that's not the idea of
the iron is Harriet and my lip like out
of a fairy hair I'm not going to fire an
air cuz why I heat so if I don't need
that heat I'm gonna wrap it up and I'm
sure you'd better but the clarifying i
really think that just a little bit and
sold in the water I really think that
helped a lot because my hair was like
really heavy and like just each fee I
saw it earlier he's nasty nasty um but
yeah this was initially I said a my hair
I guess oh I just say and that's pretty
much it how long I want to go longer
this is fine i guess um that was awkward
that's pretty much it i would think
everyone for who keeps on subscribing
and keep them coming I'm so happy
neither more more subscribers come to
you watch my videos please and if
there's anything that you would like to
see or any questions or anything please
leave them and I'll be glad to answer
them and also i could say um my hair
actually has been shedding a lot more
not honestly to saying that I really
think is just because the air has come
to its end of the its course like i said
i have this hair this is my second
installment with if i add all the musty
other there'll be five months total how
long I've had this hair but for the
second so I did three months the first
time and right now it's been two months
and already have new growth
everything so I'm just trying to weigh
it out till next month hopefully that
will work um the other hair has been a
a lot more but it's still I can
control I mean like it sheds you're my
natural hair if not more not my
niche wasn't it that much but my ear
so that's as part of it um I
definitely recommend it to anyone
against this is the body boss indi Remi
so he straight in 18 inches in the
course I become focus goes from 14 and
12 I'll trade velvet that's also really
good hair also I really really do the
air so I don't will be my laptop to see
very little Bob use if I saw where the
ultra velvet air or by boss anybody goes
only to hear i would recommend to anyone
um yeah and i having both number two's
and again effort and not again but that
number two for the body boss is really
dark and i'm happy because the number 24
my boss is actually the true color of my
my hair my hair is actually like a fire
so awkward it's like 90 minutes all six
minutes already sorry admire looks like
a mix the right number to make a little
bit of 1b and little bit of that let me
in this I want this video's be too long
cause it's updating you guys and yeah
hope you guys are a little again that's
pretty much it thanks for watching and
please can see the sky I'm it rate all
that good stuff in thanks everyone